Update swan-lake release note with auth improvements (#813)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-preview1/RELEASE_NOTE.md

```

### Enhanced auth module

> Extend capability to validate the JWT signature with JWKs. With that the JWT signature can be validated either from TrustStore configuration or JWKs configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The capability to validate the JWT signature with JWKs is extended now. With that, the JWT signature can be validated either from the TrustStore configuration or JWKs configuration.
```
